DOC-7523 -- Remove Inter-sync-gateway v1 and v2 references (#328)
couchbase/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/block-caveats.adoc

// tag::icr-community-redirect[]

> Unless otherwise stated this content relates only to Inter-Sync Gateway replications in {enterprise} deployments.

Reviewer: I do not know the context of this statement and page. Sounds confusing.

In general community is a strict subset of enterprise features. And we should not be confusing "Enterprise deployments" with "Enterprise Edition" .... Community edition can be deployed by Enterprises.

Author: {enterprise} expands as Enterprise Edition with a link to the comparison page https://www.couchbase.com/products/editions

.Context Clarification
[CAUTION]
--

> This content relates only to Inter-Sync Gateway replication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This content relates only to Inter-Sync Gateway replications using the version of Sync Gateway 2.8+.
```
GENERAL : Don't treat "Inter- Sync Gateway replication" to be synonymous to what's introduced in 2.8. Treat it as a capability

Reviewer: GENERAL: Unless in headings, please do not capitalize "I" or "R" in "Inter-Sync Gateway Replication"...others seems like a title/name..so if its used in middle, you should just say "inter-Sync Gateway replication" (only the proper noun is capitalized...this is what we are doing on our couchbase web pages)

Reviewer: GENERAL: I am not sure if we need to keep calling out "Inter-SGW replications" every where in a page which is only  about that capability , so we should just use "replications" where it makes sense. Otherwise, it seems like we are "naming" this thing..which we are not. 
Eg "Replicating using "Inter-Sync Gateway Replication"" or "INtializing Inter-Sync Gateway replication" ...The first example does not make much sense as this page is about replication but the second example should say "Initialization: 

 Its similar to "peer-to-peer" replications - we don't keep stating p2p everywhere in that page. We just refer to that as "replication" and in context is the page, it makes sense that its "peer-to-peer"

Author: Ok, that makes sense
